The SQ tree sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT)-tablet containing allergen extracts with the major allergen Bet v 1 from birch pollen is currently being developed for the treatment of tree pollen-induced allergic rhinitis/conjunctivitis with or without asthma. The aim of this Phase II trial was to investigate the dose-related efficacy and safety of the SQ tree SLIT-tablet.This study was a randomized, parallel-group, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-national trial conducted in Europe. A total of 637 participants were randomized equally to receive placebo or treatment with the SQ tree SLIT-tablet in doses of 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 7, or 12 development units (DU). Treatment was initiated ~16 weeks before onset of the 2013 birch pollen season (BPS) and was continued throughout the BPS with a total duration of at least 6 months. During the BPS and tree pollen season (TPS), subjects assessed rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms and medication use on a daily basis in an electronic diary; weekly assessments of rhinoconjunctivitis quality of life were also made.Analysis of the average daily symptom score during the BPS and the TPS showed that the difference between active treatment and placebo was statistically significant for the 7 DU group (BPS, P = 0.02; TPS, P = 0.03), with no clear dose-response relationship. All doses of the SQ tree SLIT-tablet induced changes from baseline in birch-specific IgE and IgG4 that were statistically significant compared with placebo at all time points assessed (P < 0.0001) with a clear dose-response relationship for birch specific IgG4. In general, the SQ tree SLIT-tablet was well tolerated, with the majority of treatment-related adverse events (≥95%) being mild or moderate in severity. The most frequently reported treatment-related adverse events were generally related to the sublingual administration of the tablet (ie, they occurred in the oral cavity).The results from this trial suggest that the SQ tree SLIT-tablet in doses up to 12 DU has a tolerability profile suitable for at-home administration. The immunomodulatory changes indicate a dose-response relationship, but clinical efficacy parameters were inconclusive, probably due to low pollen counts, emphasizing the importance of pollen exposure for the outcome of a pollen allergy immunotherapy trial. EudraCT no: 2012-000031-59.